[Autogenerated] and this clip will look at understanding Microsoft accounts.
Using a Microsoft account may well be a new concept to you.
Microsoft accounts were first introduced to computer users with Windows eight.
No Microsoft account is simply an email and a password.
They've been set up with Microsoft.
You may have created a Microsoft account when you
first logged into a Windows 10 device.
Or you may have created a Microsoft account in the past using things
like Xbox or one Dr Traditionally and computers.
You would use a user name and password,
and these would be set up locally on that device so that user name and
password we're really only good for that particular device.
Now with the Windows 10 computer, you can still use a local account,
but there's a lot of advantages to using a Microsoft account.
First of all, with a local account.
If you ever lose your password or forget your password,
you're pretty much in trouble with the Microsoft account.
If you ever forget your password,
there are built in mechanisms that help you recover for gotten password.
Another big advantage will find with the Microsoft account is
that it's not local to a single device.
You may have multiple devices use with your same Microsoft account,
and that brings up another important feature.
Synchronization between devices is part of using a Microsoft account so
you'll see things like your personalization settings,
your preferences, things maybe you've created on one device,
such as a music playlist, will appear on other devices as well.
Important service is such a CZ.
One drive,
which is a cloud based storage system that is
included with the Microsoft account, allows you to save pictures,
music and documents on one device to your one drive and
then retrieve them from another device.
When does that includes a personal assistant and search tool named Cortana,
which requires a Microsoft account toe work?
So does having a Microsoft account on your device require
you to always have an Internet connection?
No.
The first time you use your device and sign in,
you need to have an Internet connection to authenticate to verify the password.
But after that,
that password is cached locally in your device will remember the correct
password if you use your Microsoft account later and you don't have the
Internet connection to check the password.
Of course,
There are a lot of service is and synchronization that won't function
properly or at all without an Internet connection.
So here's the important question.
Should you be using a Microsoft account on your device?
Well, unless you have unusual circumstances were very specific needs.
I recommend you use a Microsoft account.
You may not appreciate all of the benefits and
enhancements that it brings to your device,
but as you get to know your Windows 10 device better,
you'll certainly appreciate the benefits of using that Microsoft account.
In this clip.
We've looked at understanding Microsoft accounts. Thanks for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.